TEC-383: List-style views > Avoid "Now Onwards" heading (#3515)
the-events-calendar/the-events-calendar: readme.txt

= [5.6.1] TBD =

> * Tweak - Adjust wording for 'onwards' for different scenarios on views using the List type of view [TEC-3831]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Reduced the usage of the word "onwards" on list-style view date range headings where simpler headings are better suited. [TEC-3831]
```
